Ant "Hard worker, but he never brings snacks"
Fly "He's a mess. He needs to get his shit together"
Louse "Dude is such a parasite, I stg he owes me 80 bucks and never brings it up"
Nit "His parents are parasites, but he has a lot of potential"
Bee "Has a cute and fuzzy exterior but deep down... actually they're genuinely a great person."
BAT "Goes to board games night at QVs, and likes to dance to dark wave music"
Tit "I can't remember their name, but I know it's ridiculous"
puppy "Oooooo Mr Popular...I shouldn't say that...... Am I a narcissist?"
Mite "This guy literally gave me scabies and didn't apologize"
Gnat "Goes through 4 stages of life in two weeks but always has time for you"
Newt "I think he went to Iraq, because he's missing a limb"
Tick "They have so many kids, I can't really relate to them"
Mole "Just a little softie, but surprisingly strong" 
Flea "Captain of the high school High Jump track and field team"
House cat "I would die for him"
Babies "I kinda don't like it when they stare at me on the bus."
Bug "Been to these meetings for years; Always brings croissants"
Baby Yoda "He always drinks broth; He's 50, but he looks way younger"
Plankton "Always talking about some formula or whatever. I don't like him"
chibi robo "He makes people happy by cleaning their house, but is HE happy?"
Bedbugs "I kinda hate you not gonna lie;"
Cabbage Patch Kids "Utter freaks; Me and my friends would have beat them with hammers"
Garfield "Lethargic; Moves in silently"
Hamtaro "He's my best friend; We go on a lot of adventures"
Kermit The Frog "Has a beautiful singing voice"
Indian In The Cupboard "I never saw his movie, but it was like, around ya know? When I was a kid...Everyone had that VHS tape"
The Borrowers "Always sneaking around at night"
baby Mario and baby luigi "Freaks of nature. No... that's mean... They just look so weird."
The Homunculus "He yelled 'STOP FIGHTING!' once"
Pigeon "Used to live a domesticated lifestyle, but now lives on the streets"
Groot "He's sometimes big, and sometimes small"
Keroberos "Hobbies: Playing video games. Eating sweet foods."
Gremlin "She gets inside of airplanes and messes with the engine and stuff"
The Fraggles "They live a carefree lifestyle in an interdimensional space"
Ewok "Are you like... Some type of a walking dog?"
Pikmin "I saw someone throw like 30 of these guys at some other guy!"
Fairy "They have sensitivity to sound, especially bells"
Gnome "Protector of treasures. I think he does gardening sometimes, I guess?"
tardigrade "Sooo small.... but big heart :) "
Pikachu "Spam B?"
Pingu "N___ N___!"
Small enemy spider "These are in like every game you've ever tried"
Soot Sprites "Subsist solely on Kompeitō"
Rugrats "They're creative and always on adventures"
speckled cape tortoise "He's a morning person and he feeds on small succulents in between rocks"
Pixie "Pale, small creature, with red hair, and a turned up nose"
Sprite "Some of a benevolent demon, but he aight"
Brownie "Helpful and hard working, but honestly a drag; Does the dishes for you"
imp "Master of pranks, but he's kinda a minor player in the Youtube sphere"
Nymph "A total cutie"
Hobgoblin "Kinda an edgelord, but into cool hobbies"
Leprechaun "Bro always wearing the same damn outfit like god damn"
House Hipppo "He's from Canada; Likes Raisins, chips and crumbs"
Seven Dwarfs "These guys are kinda all over the place; I think their like, poly maybe?"
Tamagotchi "I accidentally killed this guy's brother when I went camping"
Kirby "Foodie; Kinda a shortstack who can run fast"
Minion "Kinda annoying"
Barry Benson "Doesn't care what other people think; Wants to travel"
Goblin "This guy once made me split a receipt for a donut we shared"
Slime "Shaped like a tear drop"
Pusheen "Likes making biscuits and has a sticker collection"
Lemming "Sometimes I worry about this guy"
Bee Hummingbird "Smallest living animal"